and what I taught 1822 Monday Night Raw
just run off man this show is so damn
good man so don't open up with Johnny
Ace announce that what the people power
something like that new era you know or
a raucous run the boat shows cell phone
call home you a big tool toolbox he told
Sam pump you had a match against Mark
Henry lead or so the rocks come out and
cut a promo the crowd was hot for the
ride I mean he was no tell the fans you
came back what 14 months ago comes John
Cena head of rent match last night and a
lot filed that he will become the WWE
Champion to give I was so hot because a
lot of people don't after this the rock
be gone for months but no the lock will
be back soon for the United States
Championship santino marella versus
dolph ziggler and Jack Swagger it was
okay santino marella retaining his a
u.s. title then brodus clay came out to
help him run Dolph Ziggler and Jack
Swagger was trying to know tapping them
home lower whatever his damn name is but
I'm known as a train or press our
defeated a ride and oppressive read a
beaut and his new character I've seen
read a view because he'd been there
before but Disney character very
impressive heat of the feast I was wrong
CM Punk about heavy man this was a
entertaining match right here Mark Henry
wins singer get counted out after Henry
Nakamura groups so Chris Jericho comes
out and also buried your segment Chris
Jericho you want to drink Paul you want
to drink well here's your drink my hair
make you a drink a quarter up or alcohol
you know oversee her body I mean this
was really girl right here and a crowd
was chanting Chris Jericho I mean this
was this raw was good and the crowd was
just yes yes yes yes they are you bright
see see there was another great crime I
am tonight oh so you have shannon's uh
he came out got a lot of heat cuz you
know a lot of fans didn't like what
happened last night Monday Night Raw so
they're real returns and uh you know how
many uh helping Shane have met a
smackdown Shannon's give him a broke it
kobe kaige their virtual school enrolls
coupe kingston one bitch
costas wrench for Cody Rhodes that's how
cool cookies the got the win uh the
man's vs Zack Ryder now in the midst
went from I came to job two I came to
when that's we did over Zack Ryder now
let's get to the last part the mark out
moment well not John Cena in that
definitely mark our moment seen the
killer sammobile ish it's amber love
gonna rock oh you go up I love the
Duggar lead all that bullshit we always
hear but rot lets them use a hit a crowd
chanting bra bra we what Lesnar we were
Lesnar I mean oh man I marked out like
oh shit prob letters back oh my god
brought letter came out walking around
looking the crowd with aunt LYLAS came
around shoot don't for his hands f5 BB
the crowd erupted oh man this is so
great by the Doug w8 business will do
very well you had to rock casino last
night nails the rocket takes a little
break and now you got brought Leslie I
mean that's perfect business right here
for WWE I can't believe it they brought
Lazarus back into philly man this raw
was so damn good tonight a great cloud
one thing I couldn't stand was that
stupid-ass WrestleMania music playing
not stop the only thing I could the only
thing i like my wrong but the rest of
the show great crowd by any man terrific
show man brought Lester mark our moment
no I Lesnar seen it I mean damn it is on
it man just good stuff from raw tonight
man so give my thoughts or dub that you
wrong so don't forget hit the scrubber
I'm out